70 h LS motor ride a stock Blanc saga
crank good Roger piston L bunny to
cylinder head pair 62 millimeter Carlos
to get turned up a little bit
really fun
you
Oh oh my god guys first wheel stance
Wow is it the first time in this car
what's that is that the first time
you've done that in this car it would
appear that you've done it before from
how well you came out of it do you think
if we go that far
I really had I figured if it went up it
stay up yeah before your past you're
like I might do a wheelie put some put
some boost into it I have some bars not
a pretty sight yeah no kidding to hit
the bumper yeah how did you know that
you're going straight just looking at
the wall just filming right just perfect
just staring up at the sky I saw the
wall this is a fine that's the fun right
yeah have a 1:39 60-foot that wasn't
what was it we're 30 not 139 the back
tires
haha